add doc about openai assistants (#659)
microsoft/autogen: README.md

    <img src="https://github.com/microsoft/autogen/blob/main/website/static/img/flaml.svg"  width=200>
    <br>
</p> -->

> :fire: Nov 11: AutoGen experimentally supports OpenAI's Assistants! Checkout our [blogpost](https://microsoft.github.io/autogen/blog/2023/11/13/OAI-assistants) for details and examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:fire: Nov 11: OpenAI's Assistants are available in AutoGen and interoperatable with other AutoGen agents! Checkout our [blogpost](https://microsoft.github.io/autogen/blog/2023/11/13/OAI-assistants) for details and examples.
```
Could you double check the term "OpenAI's Assistants"?

Reviewer 2: OpenAI has simply be using the term "Assistants". So we prepended OpenAI to qualify.
